# Administrators Log - 10:45 Local

So I spent most of the morning playing video games with my friends on Discord. I have to say that went reasonably well. Now I'm at a point where I've been doing administrative updates to my music project and my website for a few hours now. My worker is about 15 minutes late, but it is what it is.

I ended up uploading New Signal to Triple J unleashed and the Atomic Music Space again. And I also did some changes to the website, particularly the archive project, as well as minor changes to the GitHub profile, as well as setting up the GitHub backup for my Obsidian notes.

Still pulled on all-nighter on caffeine, and went unmedicated nearly a whole weekend, so that's not necessarily a good thing. I blame Sega Football Club Champions to be quite honest with you, that game is hyper-addictive and very very gacha. 

Hopefully I've got the MCO worked out for that and we don't have to move anyone on for quite some time at this point, but who knows? There could be more inactivity, and there could be people that don't make it to Division 5 in the World Premiership, so there's that.

Other than that, I'm hoping to at least get some groceries done today, but we'll have to see about that. I'm technically a dollar or so overdrawn due to international transaction fees that caught up to me that I completely forgot about. Still, it could be worse, I could be in debt to Jay again. And worse still, I could be in debt to those fucking BNPL companies, but I got out of that whole mire so don't need to go back.

Anyway, I think my worker has just arrived 20 minutes late, so I'm going to end this log here and I'll get back to this once I'm done shopping and my worker has left. Nope, never mind, it wasn't him. There seems to have been a mix up with the roster for the second day in a row. It's not as bad as it was with Trailblazer, but it's still pretty bad. But hopefully it's just because of the Australian Day holiday.

At some point I've got to try and make some sort of collaboration with these notes that I'm making but alas it's not something that needs to be done immediately. Maybe I could get Halian to work with some of the Itavrnai stuff. We'll see how that goes at the end of the day, honestly. For now, I think I'm just about done writing notes, so... I'll give a rundown of what I've done as well on that front.

I ended up installing Node.js to start installing OpenWhispr, downloaded OpenAI's Whispr model for speech to text, and then I also downloaded VS Code as I'm going to get back into working with code in some form.
TL;DR Node.js into OpenWhispr into voice transcribing this very log. Certainly works better than having the type of entire thing out and hurting my hands.

I did have Dragon Professional Individual 15 but I can't seem to download it anymore because Nuance got bought by Microsoft and their servers are massively speed capped now. On my Gigabit connection it only downloads at a pittance of that. Honestly, Microsoft enshittifying everything is just a massively annoying problem. 

God I love that word, enshittifying. Cory Doctoror is a really interesting person to listen to with his keynotes, and read his books too. I like the fact that the ebooks are free to download and only the physicals cost money. Gets the good information out there. Not surprised he's the guy who founded Boing Boing to be honest.

Honestly, I think I'm done with the voice log, so I'll see you next time. I don't know why I'm talking to someone. No one's probably reading this. I don't have to anthropomorphize this thing, but I did. Fucking AI.